people often tell you that this is the
best time of the day and it's really
true I must use to get up early because
of the markets but today I am he had to
beat the tourist crash
the crowds flock here to admire the work
of geniuses like mr. Angelo Sistine
Chapel City during the Italian
Renaissance the Vatican was a magnet for
talent I am here because of another
genius
he may even met me Calandra because both
they were working for the Pope he was a
coke but not a simple domestic servant
his name was Bartolomeo scappini his
heart was not painting or sculpture but
something near to every Italian heart
food his greatest achievement was to
leave us an amazing cook book full of
recipes created for some of the richest
and most powerful people of his day
human argue that every Italian is
devoted to food but for some this
passion takes over their lives
that's how it has been for me I have
spent my life collecting knowledge at
food it's easy to think this love for
our cuisine is in our DNA but it has a
history it developed and evolved like
the history of our country I have long
been fascinated by someone else who
obviously shared my own obsession
someone who lived nearly five hundred
years ago and master chef of the high
Renaissance Bartolomeo scrappy like me
he loved to create great food but it is
slow under very different circumstances
I want to discover more about this man
the foodie coat and the ingredients used
I want to find out about Scotty's
extraordinary career and how he ended up
in Rome as a personal cook to the Pope
so I'm going on a pilgrimage with a
cookbook as a guide